[Music]
hello Pam dinner here something I often
discuss as a part of my sales enablement
or demand generation workshops is
customer buying interest or intent why
is that important we use the internet
for everything and leaves digital
Footprints such as what content we
consumes she will use and even events we
attend based on digital d points Brands
can evaluate what we are interested in
or even when we are ready to buy you can
gauge prospects intent in many ways
marketers use information together
especially content consumption to get a
glimpse of prospect's interest but is
that
enough recently I was given access to
netl's latest platform
intentive the only bu level intent
platform it allows you to query and
search your customer's Behavior based on
247 Industries 11,000 topics 329,000
keywords and 37 million I mean Millions
personal filtering attributes such as
job areas function title
Etc net Lin's platform helped me realize
the intend landcape with was missing
buyer level
transparency knowing that a Target
account expresses intent is
directionally helpful knowing who within
that account is expressing intent and
what that person is doing can provide
you additional
Insight if you are interested in
checking our intentive demo link below
and apply for a free 14-day trial I hope
to hear from you about the platform